W-17109021-hyperforce-documentation-kt (#242)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: hyperforce/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

| xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc[Anypoint API Manager]|Yes | For details, refer to xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#APIM-hyperforce[API Manager on Hyperforce],  xref:api-manager::analytics-landing-page.adoc[Mule API Analytics], and xref:api-manager::using-api-alerts.adoc[Reviewing Alerts Concepts]
| xref:api-manager::analytics-landing-page.adoc[Anypoint Mule API Analytics] |No | -
| xref:visualizer::index.adoc[Anypoint Visualizer] |Yes | For exceptions, refer to xref:visualizer::index.adoc#visualizer-hyperforce[Anypoint Visualizer on Hyperforce]
| xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc[Anypoint Code Builder (Desktop IDE)] |Yes | For details, refer to xref:anypoint-code-builder::int-ai-developing-integrations.adoc[Einstein for Anypoint Code Builder Generative Flows] and xref:anypoint-code-builder::index.adoc#us-eu-clouds[Anypoint Code Builder Cloud IDE].
| xref:exchange::index.adoc[Anypoint Exchange] |Yes | For exceptions, refer to xref:exchange::index.adoc#exchange-on-hyperforce[Anypoint Exchange on Hyperforce]
| xref:mq::index.adoc[Anypoint MQ] |Yes |For exceptions, refer to xref:mq::index.adoc#mq-on-hyperforce[Anypoint MQ on Hyperforce]

> | xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] |Yes | For details, refer to xref:monitoring::index.adoc#features[Monitoring Features by Anypoint Platform Region]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring] |Yes | For details, refer to xref:monitoring::index.adoc#features[Monitoring Features by Control Plane]
```

Reviewer: @kevintroller I changed the section title above ☝️
